 Develop a program in a language of your choice to solve the following problems.


Activity 1
Your local library needs your help! Given the expected and actual return dates for a library book, create a program that calculates the fine (if any). 
The fee structure is as follows:
1.	If the book is returned on or before the expected return date, no fine will be charged (i.e.:fine=0).
2.	If the book is returned after the expected return day but still within the same calendar month and year as the expected return date :fine=Rs.15*(No. Of Days)
3.	If the book is returned after the expected return month but still within the same calendar year as the expected return date, the fine=Rs.500*(No. Of Days).
4.	If the book is returned after the calendar year in which it was expected, there is a fixed fine of Rs. 10000.
Input Format
1.	The first line contains 3 space-separated integers denoting the respective DD,MM, YY on which the book was actually returned.
2.	The second line contains 3 space-separated integers denoting the respective DD,MM, YY on which the book was expected to be returned (due date).
Constraints
1.	DD={1 to 31}
2.	MM={1 to 12}
3.	YY={1 to 3000}
4.	Accept only valid dates

Output Format
Print a single integer denoting the library fine for the book received as input.






Activity 2: 
A prime is a natural number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1 and itself. Given a number,n, determine and print whether it's Prime or Not-Prime.
Input Format
The first line contains an integer, T, the number of test cases.
Each of the T subsequent lines contains an integer, n, to be tested for primality.
Constraints
•	T={1 to 30}
•	n={ 1 to 2*109}
•	
Output Format
For each test case, print whether n is  Prime or Not-Prime.




Activity 3:
The height of a binary search tree is the number of edges between the tree's root and its furthest leaf. You are given a pointer, root, 
pointing to the root of a binary search tree. Develop the getHeight function so that it returns the height of the binary search tree.
Input Format
The locked stub code in your editor reads the following inputs and assembles them into a binary search tree:
The first line contains an integer, n , denoting the number of nodes in the tree.
Each of the n subsequent lines contains an integer, data, denoting the value of an element that must be added to the BST.
Output Format
Print the integer returned by your getHeight function denoting the height of the BST.




Activity 4:
Given an array, , of size  distinct elements, sort the array in ascending order using the Bubble Sort algorithm above. Once sorted, print the following  lines:
1.	Array is sorted in numSwaps swaps. where numofswaps is the number of swaps that took place.
2.	First Element: firstElement where firstElement  is the first element in the sorted array.
3.	Last Element: lastElement, where lastElement is the last element in the sorted array.

Input Format
The first line contains an integer, n, denoting the number of elements in array A.
The second line contains n space-separated integers describing the respective values of A={a1, a2,......an} .
Constraints
N={2 to 600}
Ai={1 to 2*106}, where i={0 to n}.
Output Format
Print the following three lines of output:
1.	Array is sorted in numSwaps swaps. where numSwaps is the number of swaps that took place.
2.	First Element: firstElement, where firstElement is the first element in the sorted array.
3.	Last Element: lastElement, where lastElement is the last element in the sorted array.
